Hello
I'll be right there.
Hello second brother
My grandma had an accident.
Little sister, don't be afraid
Second brother, go to the hospital immediately
How did the big brother buy it?
Hahahaha
Hahaha, that grandma
It's Jackie Chan, the old monster
Hahahaha
milk
Wake up
Haven't gone on a trip yet
I haven't gone to the hospital in Four Leaves City yet.
Why did you leave me?
grandma
Grandma, wake up!
We still have a lot to do
You promised me to live a long life
I'm my dad.
If only I had been by your side yesterday
Grandpa grandpa
I'm your fault.
It's the white family's fault
I checked the Bai family and went to find him last night
Little sister, you have to cheer up
Madam Bai has a spirit in heaven
See you like this
Will he be sad?
Bai Family, I really did it by them
I came back that day to pay the price